Located in the Mount Baker neighborhood at the corner McClellan Street and Rainier Avenue, Sick\'s Stadium first opened in 1938. The stadium was named after Emil Sick, who was the owner of the nearby Rainier Brewing Company as well as the minor league Seattle Rainiers. The Rainiers would play at the site until 1968. In 1969, Seattle\'s first Major League franchise, the Pilots, would locate at the stadium. The Pilots stay in Seattle would be remarkably brief, as they would relocate to Milwaukee as the Brewers prior to the 1970 season. In relative disrepair, the stadium would once again serve as the home for the minor league Rainiers from 1972 to 1976. Sick\'s Stadium was finally demolished in 1976. Today, the site serves as a location for a Lowe's home improvement store.

Coon Chicken Inn was opened in 1930 by restraunteur Maxon Lester Graham, the venue served as a source of controversy during its 20 year existence. The restaurant appealed on demeaning racist imagery largely tolerated by white American at the time as a means of evoking "southern authenticity". However, the restaurant also served as a lightning rod for Seattle's growing African American community. Bolstered by rapid of expansion of the city's black community resulting from the growth of the city's defense economy during World War II , the Seattle NAACP and the Northwest Enterpirse (Seattle\'s African American  newspaper) maintained a sustained campaign agains Coon Chicken Inn\'s racist imagery. Graham ultimately removed the "coon" imagery in 1949, rebranding his restaurant as G.I. Joe\'s Country Chicken Store. The restaurant is pictured below; patrons would enter thorugh the mounth of the "coon head."

Today, Microsoft is one of the most recognized and important corporations in the world. With a market capitalization of just over $360 billion, it is arguably the most important reason why the Seattle area is one of the most important information technology centers in the world. The image below depicts Microsoft\'s full staff as it existed in 1979, after Bill Gates and Paul Allen had relocated the company from Albuquerque to Bellevue. At the time, the company was located in a non-descript one story office building adjacent to a Burger Master restaurant on Bellevue's 8th Avenue. Today--largely as a result of the information technology boom Microsoft inspired--the location is surrounded by office towers, high rise condos, and high-end retail chains. While Micrsoft has lost some of the creative impetus that drove is dizzingy rise during the 1980s and 1990s, it remains an important driver of the region\'s economy. 

As the name suggests, Boeing Plant 2 was the Boeing Company’s second manufacturing facility. Located less than a mile south of the company’s original manufacturing facility along the Duwamish River, Boeing Plant 2 began operation in 1936. During World War II, it became one of the most important centers for airplane manufacturing in the United States. The facility focused on building B-17 bombers which were used extensively in the daylight bombing of German targets, of which it built 6,981 in total. After the war, the facility continued to build a mixture of military and civilian aircraft. However, by the 1980s, other more modern facilities in the Seattle area and beyond had rendered Plant 2 largely obsolete. The plant was demolished in 2010 and the site—contaminated by years of heavy industrial use--is being restored as part of the EPA’s Duwamish clean-up.

Since the 19th century, the Duwamish River has served as a central location for industrial activity in Seattle. The river’s channel was straightened and dredged to allow for ocean going vessels to navigate its waters and service the marine terminals and industrial facilities on its banks. During the 20th century, numerous manufacturing facilities sited their operations on the river’s banks. Because of the lack of regulation and more limited scientific awareness, these facilities polluted the river with a wide array of chemical runoff. As a result, the US EPA declared the five mile stretch of the river flowing into Elliot Bay a Superfund site in 2000. In 2014, the city of Seattle, King County, the Port of Seattle, and the Boeing Corporation agreed to fund a $342 million clean-up. As the recently-taken photograph below indicates, the lower Duwamish River remains an important location for heavy industry and, as a result, an arena of contentious regulatory struggle between environmentalists and businesses.

When white settlers originally arrived in Seattle during the 1850s, one long ridge separated Elliot Bay from Lake Washington. Indeed, the hills defining this ridge began their ascent at the water’s edge, making travel and building on the site very difficult. During the next 60 years, much of this ridge was flattened, the excess dirt used to create Seattle’s waterfront. For example, today’s Western Avenue and Alaskan Way sit on land that was once part of Elliot Bay. The picture depicts the Denny Regrade, the last and most ambitious regarding project the city undertook. The regrade targeted Denny Hill, which once covered the neighborhood of Belltown. Its architects originally hoped the regarded land would become lucrative real estate, but the Great Depression damaged these dreams. The area instead became a low-rent district until the 1990s, when Seattle’s technology boom gentrified almost overnight what had been a district of vacant lots, seedy bars, and pay-by-the-hour hotels.

In 1909, Japanese immigrants Sanzo and Matsuyo Murakami opened the Higo 10 Cent Store on Weller Street. The store was located in Nihonmichi, or “Japantown,” a bustling neighborhood of 8,500 that served as the hub of Japanese immigrant life in Seattle. The Higo 10 Cent Store provided a range of Japanese household goods which served the Japanese immigrant community, but also attracted an increasingly white customer base intrigued by the store’s “exoticism.” The store proved so popular that it moved to the two-story Jackson Building, where it eventually occupied nine storefronts between 602 and 608 South Jackson Street. Like other Japanese-Americans, the Murakamis were forcibly relocated to an internment camp in 1942 as a result of Executive Order 9066. However, unlike many other Japanese-American business owners, the Murakamis were able to re-open the Higo 10 Cent Store when World War II ended. The (now) Higo Variety Store would remain open until 2003, when Masa Murakami (Sanzo and Matsuyo’s daughter) chose to close the business. However, the Higo storefront remains and the location today houses Kobo, a Japanese-inspired art gallery and craft store.
