Located in the Mount Baker neighborhood at the corner McClellan Street and Rainier Avenue, Sick\'s Stadium first opened in 1938. The stadium was named after Emil Sick, who was the owner of the nearby Rainier Brewing Company as well as the minor league Seattle Rainiers. The Rainiers would play at the site until 1968. In 1969, Seattle\'s first Major League franchise, the Pilots, would locate at the stadium. The Pilots stay in Seattle would be remarkably brief, as they would relocate to Milwaukee as the Brewers prior to the 1970 season. In relative disrepair, the stadium would once again serve as the home for the minor league Rainiers from 1972 to 1976. Sick\'s Stadium was finally demolished in 1976. Today, the site serves as a location for a Lowe's home improvement store.

Coon Chicken Inn was opened in 1930 by restraunteur Maxon Lester Graham, the venue served as a source of controversy during its 20 year existence. The restaurant appealed on demeaning racist imagery largely tolerated by white American at the time as a means of evoking "southern authenticity". However, the restaurant also served as a lightning rod for Seattle's growing African American community. Bolstered by rapid of expansion of the city's black community resulting from the growth of the city's defense economy during World War II , the Seattle NAACP and the Northwest Enterpirse (Seattle\'s African American  newspaper) maintained a sustained campaign agains Coon Chicken Inn\'s racist imagery. Graham ultimately removed the "coon" imagery in 1949, rebranding his restaurant as G.I. Joe\'s Country Chicken Store. The restaurant is pictured below; patrons would enter thorugh the mounth of the "coon head."

Today, Microsoft is one of the most recognized and important corporations in the world. With a market capitalization of just over $360 billion, it is arguably the most important reason why the Seattle area is one of the most important information technology centers in the world. The image below depicts Microsoft\'s full staff as it existed in 1979, after Bill Gates and Paul Allen had relocated the company from Albuquerque to Bellevue. At the time, the company was located in a non-descript one story office building adjacent to a Burger Master restaurant on Bellevue's 8th Avenue. Today--largely as a result of the information technology boom Microsoft inspired--the location is surrounded by office towers, high rise condos, and high-end retail chains. While Micrsoft has lost some of the creative impetus that drove is dizzingy rise during the 1980s and 1990s, it remains an important driver of the region\'s economy. 